

    Advertised items, second-hand product categories section 

    On clicking the Book now button, a form in a modal will popup with the logged-in user name and email address, item name, and price(item name, price, and user information will not be editable) by default. You will give your phone number and meeting location, and lastly, there will be a submit button. After clicking the submit button, you will have to inform the buyer with a modal/toast that the item is booked.

    Your navbar will have a login button. Implement email/password-based authentication and at least one social login(google, Facebook, GitHub, etc.) authentication. Create an extra field for options. There will be two options: a radio button, a dropdown, a toggle button, etc. If the user creates a seller account, he will choose the seller option. Otherwise, a normal user will have the user option selected by default. Users logged in by using social media will be considered as buyers.


    On the " Add A Product" route, create a form that will have fields for product name, price, condition type(excellent, good, fair), mobile number, location (Chittagong, Dhaka, etc.), product category (every product should be under a category), description, price, Year of purchase and other relevant information. After submitting the form, a modal/toast with a message will pop up to inform the user. Please remember, they must be a seller to add a product (think about the verification process for the admin access). After adding the product, you will then be redirected to the My Products Page.

    On the "My Products" page, display sales status (available or sold), price, and any other relevant information you want to show. A seller will be able to delete any of his/her product. Please note there will be a special button for each unsold/available product where the seller can hit the button to advertise.

    The advertised items will appear on the home page. Please note if there are no items marked as advertised, the advertised items section won't be displayed on the home page. The advertised section will only appear if there is one or more available (unsold items) are marked to be advertised.

    "My buyers" are optional. See the optional section for details. On this page, a seller will see the buyer's phone, name, email address, and location.




